ai_docs/plans/future_features.md, before:

# templates for plans
- mcp client library
- multi hierachy langgraph agent


I want you to help me create some new plans for features I want implemented.

each plan should be a seperate file in the ai_docs/plans directory.

first I want you to create a plan for a mcp client library using mcp-server-fastmcp which is the modelcontextprotocol/python-sdk repo. look at how they implement clients in the examples directory and also look at tests/client/*.

for the mvp version I want the client to simply support stdio, with no authentication.

Use this prompt as inspiration and be sure to include steps like this to help claude iterate on the changes:

```
# Standard Workflow

1. First think through the problem, read the codebase for relevant files, and write a plan to projectplan.md
2. The plan should have a list of todo items that you can check off as you complete them
3. Before you begin working, check in with me and I will verify the plan
4. Then, begin working on the todo items, marking them as complete as you go
5. Please every step of the way just give me a high level explanation of what changes you made
6. Make every task and code change you do as simple as possible. We want to avoid making any massive or complex changes. Every change should impact as little code as possible. Everything is about simplicity
7. Finally, add a review section to the projectplan.md file with a summary of the changes you made and any other relevant information
```

Commit message:

feat: Integrate LangGraph CLI and Gen with new configuration and command files
- Added .editorconfig updates to include Justfile and LangGraph CLI specifications.
- Introduced new Justfile entries for LangGraph CLI commands, including installation, building, and running services.
- Created langgraph.json for Dockerfile configuration and environment settings.
- Added schema.json for LangGraph CLI configuration validation.
- Developed new markdown files outlining multi-agent architecture recommendations and memory architecture for social media management.
- Enhanced documentation for LangGraph CLI and Gen, detailing command usage and integration strategies.

ai_docs/plans/future_features.md, after:

# templates for plans
- mcp client library
- multi hierachy langgraph agent
- langgraph mcp client integration https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/agents/mcp/
- langgraph/langchain agent https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/application_structure/#key-concepts

- help me figure out what langgraph architecture we should use for boss-bot. Here are some features I want to implement:
  - multi hierachy langgraph agent (i.e. a langgraph agent that can call other langgraph agents) - https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/multi_agent/
  - data enrichment agent eg https://github.com/langchain-ai/data-enrichment-js
  - architecture should use reflection, routing
  - is swarm style architecture better? see https://github.com/langchain-ai/langgraph-swarm-py
    - agent that deals with media manipulation and creation (images, audio, video) via (pillow, ffmpeg, etc)
    - agent that deals with code manipulation and creation (python, javascript, etc)
    - agent that deals with database manipulation and creation (sqlite, postgres, etc)
    - agent that deals with file manipulation and creation (file, directory, etc)
  - langgraph mcp client integration https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/agents/mcp/
  - https://github.com/langchain-ai/langmem for memory (nice to have)
  - agent with the ability to safely run/test python code (nice to have) - https://github.com/langchain-ai/langchain-sandbox
  - check out https://github.com/langchain-ai/langconnect/blob/main/README.md for inspiration as well
  - testing:
    - https://github.com/langchain-ai/agentevals#
    - https://github.com/langchain-ai/openevals?tab=readme-ov-file
    - https://github.com/langchain-ai/langsmith-mcp-server

  - references:
    - https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/agentic_concepts/

I want you to help me create some new plans for features I want implemented.

each plan should be a seperate file in the ai_docs/plans directory.

first I want you to create a plan for a mcp client library using mcp-server-fastmcp which is the modelcontextprotocol/python-sdk repo. look at how they implement clients in the examples directory and also look at tests/client/*.

for the mvp version I want the client to simply support stdio, with no authentication.

Use this prompt as inspiration and be sure to include steps like this to help claude iterate on the changes:

```
# Standard Workflow

1. First think through the problem, read the codebase for relevant files, and write a plan to projectplan.md
2. The plan should have a list of todo items that you can check off as you complete them
3. Before you begin working, check in with me and I will verify the plan
4. Then, begin working on the todo items, marking them as complete as you go
5. Please every step of the way just give me a high level explanation of what changes you made
6. Make every task and code change you do as simple as possible. We want to avoid making any massive or complex changes. Every change should impact as little code as possible. Everything is about simplicity
7. Finally, add a review section to the projectplan.md file with a summary of the changes you made and any other relevant information
```
